master
Qinghe, you are crazy
Are you still here to act with him?
How much did he give you?
Today, Master Yunmo is here
I think you want to be expelled from the painting and calligraphy industry
Liu Xiong, you said he hummed
It's Mr. Qu Mo
Of course.
To be able to do something so amazing
Who else besides Master Yun Mo?
I said Mr. Qinghe
As an honorary member of the Calligraphy and Painting Association
Helping others bully me
Is it a bit unreasonable?
It was you who begged me to join your association
Don't think I have to be the wrong member
I quit today.
Come on, I'm going to tell everyone
Your association is at odds with my Qinghe
Uh huh
Qin Hao
I've forgotten the difference between you and me
Only ranked tenth
How dare you threaten President Liu?
Aren't you afraid of me?
Oh, who are you?
Sister, don't scare me
Hmm
Yeah.
Did you find what you were looking for?
Master, what you want
I don't understand. It's useless to give you a chance.
Come and see
Dad, what are you doing here?